Version 6.0.0 (#53)
springernature/eslint-config-springernature: HISTORY.md

# History

## 6.0.0 (2023-06-21)

* Bump dependencies so that ESLint v8.* can be used in projects that also use @springernature/eslint-config
* In fact at least ESLint v8.38.0 is needed due to breaking changes in `eslint-plugin-unicorn` v47.0.0
* Requires at least Node v16, but since security support for v16 is running out on 11 Sep 2023, we say that we reqiure at least v18

> * The upgrade from `eslint-plugin-unicorn` v28 to v47 brought mostly bugfixes and new features. The only breaking change affecting this repo was the chnage of the `prevent-abbreviations` rule's setting `whitelist` to `allowlist` in v30.0.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The upgrade from `eslint-plugin-unicorn` v28 to v47 brought mostly bugfixes and new features. The only breaking change affecting this repo was the change of the `prevent-abbreviations` rule setting `whitelist` to `allowlist` in v30.0.0.
```
